README update (#2)
besport/ocaml-gapi: README.md

API](https://developers.google.com/identity/sign-in/web/reference?hl=ca)
for more details

#### Type `Gapi.ux_values`

> The arguments untitled `ux_mode` are "string" that represent the "User
> eXperience" that can be lived when using function form *Gapi* (mainly
> the fuction for the consent flow). Their is only 2 mode of "UX", to
> impose that into this library you will have to use this type that can
> take thoses values only:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The optional argument `ux_mode` is a string that represents the "User
eXperience" that can be lived when using function form *Gapi* (mainly
the function for the consent flow). There is only two modes of "UX", to
impose that into this library you will have to use this type that can
take those values only:
```

     | Gapi.ux_value Popup (for "popup" value)

     | Gapi.ux_value Redirect (for "redirect")

In practice, if the `ux_mode` is on `popup` mode, then the *Gapi*
function will be executed as a popup on the same page were the function
was called. In the other hand, if the `ux_mode` is on `redirect` then
the *Gapi* function will be executed after a redirection of the user to
another page, you can change the default redirection uri with the

> parameter untitled `redirect_uri` in functions that use `ux_mode` as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
optional parameter `redirect_uri` in functions that use `ux_mode` as
```

parameter.

### `Gapi.load`

This function load the Google APIs platform library to your application,
you should call it before to use any other "Gapi" function into your
code.

See more details in [API documentation](https://github.com/google/google-api-javascript-client/blob/master/docs/reference.md#----gapiloadlibraries-callbackorconfig------)

### `Gapi.auth2_init`

> Initializes the GoogleAuth object. You must call this method before
  calling gapi.auth2.GoogleAuth's methods (methodes that have a
  `googleAuth` argument).
  When you initialize the GoogleAuth object, you configure the object
  with your OAuth 2.0 client ID and any additional options you want to
  specify. Then, if the user has already signed in, the GoogleAuth
  object restores the user's sign-in state from the previous session.

Source: [Gapi AST](https://developers.google.com/identity/sign-in/web/reference?hl=ca)

This function takes a single argument of type `client_config`. A

> `client_config` is composed of a required argument and a serie of

Reviewer 2: series

API](https://developers.google.com/identity/sign-in/web/reference?hl=ca)
for more details

#### Type `Gapi.ux_values`

> The arguments untitled `ux_mode` are "string" that represent the "UX"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The arguments untitled `ux_mode` are strings that represent the "UX"
```

> The arguments untitled `ux_mode` are "string" that represent the "UX"

Reviewer: What does it mean?

Author: > What does it mean?

I don't really understand either, the documentation only said "The UX mode to use for the sign-in flow. By default, it will open the consent flow in a popup. Valid values are popup and redirect."

Reviewer: I was asking about the meaning of *The arguments untitled `ux_mode`*.

Author: And that was the only description that I can find on the API, but I done some external research since and I think I understand now: I will rewrite this section soon.

Author: It should be more clear now I hope.

     | Gapi.ux_value Redirect (for "redirect")

### `Gapi.load`

This function load the Google APIs platform library to your application,
you should call it before to use any other "Gapi" function into your
code.

See more details in [API documentation](https://github.com/google/google-api-javascript-client/blob/master/docs/reference.md#----gapiloadlibraries-callbackorconfig------)

### `Gapi.auth2_init`

> Initializes the GoogleAuth object. You must call this method before
  calling gapi.auth2.GoogleAuth's methods (methodes that have a

>   `googleAuth argument`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `googleAuth` argument).
```

  When you initialize the GoogleAuth object, you configure the object
  with your OAuth 2.0 client ID and any additional options you want to
  specify. Then, if the user has already signed in, the GoogleAuth
  object restores the user's sign-in state from the previous session.

Source: [Gapi AST](https://developers.google.com/identity/sign-in/web/reference?hl=ca)

> This function take a single argument of type `client_config`. A
> `client_config` is composed of a required argument and a series of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function takes a single argument of type `client_config`. A
`client_config` is composed of a required argument and a serie of
```

optional arguments:

>       ° `client_id`-> string : is the requiered argument, it represents

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      ° `client_id`-> string : is the required argument, it represents
```

      the app's client ID
      ° `cookie_policy` -> string : The domain for which to create
      sign-in cookies. Either a URI, "single_host_origin", or
      "none". It's default value is "single_host_origin" if unspecified.
      ° `scope` -> string : The scope to request, as a space-delimited
      string. !!! This value is optional only if "fetch_basic_profile"
      is set to false !!!
      ° `fetch_basic_profile` -> bool : Adds 'profile', 'email', and
      'openid' to the requested scopes when "true". It's basic value is
      "true" when unspecified

>       ° `hosted_domain` -> string : Indicate the G Suite domain to wich

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      ° `hosted_domain` -> string : Indicate the G Suite domain to which
```

      usersmust belong to sign in. !!! You must request the 'email'
      scope when using this parameter if "fetch_basi_profile" = false !!!
      ° `ux_mode` -> Gapi.ux_values : See the corresponding section above.
      ° `redirect_uri` -> string : This parameter is applied only if
      "ux_mode" = Redirect, it will override te default "redirect_uri"
      that will be used. It's default value is the current URL.

Source: [ClientConfig  AST](https://developers.google.com/identity/sign-in/web/reference?hl=ca#gapiauth2clientconfig)

It returns a result of type `googleAuth` that can be used for other
functions (see section "How to use a `googleAuth` result" below)

### Module `User_promise`

This module is mainly used in order to have a way to execute the

> "Promise" returned by the function `Gapi.then_`, the function
> `Gapi.User_promise.then_` can be used if you want for example a function
> that indicate if the function is in a state `onInit` or in a state
> `onError` after an excusion for a given user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
promise returned by the function `Gapi.then_`, the function
`Gapi.User_promise.then_` can be used if you want, for example, a function
that indicates if the function is in a state `onInit` or in a state
`onError` after an execution for a given user.
```

> The types `user` and `error` gave a precision about the "Obj.t" used in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The types `user` and `error` give a precision about the `Obj.t` used in
```

argument for the callbacks of the promise.

> `user` contain info a the "user" of the account that connect to `then_`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`user` contains info about the user of the account that connects using `then_`
```

function.

#### `Gapi.signIn`

> You can use `Gapi.User_promise.then_` by giving a `Gapi.User_promise.t`
> in argument, that you obtain with the function `Gapi.signIn`, that
> function take a result of `Gapi.then_` in argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use `Gapi.User_promise.then_` by giving a `Gapi.User_promise.t`
as argument, that you obtain with the function `Gapi.signIn`.  `Gapi.signIn` takes a result of `Gapi.then_` as argument.
```

        scopes are not returned.

> An `authResponse` object have sevral value accesible with this library:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An `authResponse` object has several values accessible with this library:
```

#### `id_token`

> Accessible with `Gapi.id_token`, this "string" value represent the ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Accessible with `Gapi.id_token`, this string value represents the ID
```

token granted.

[...TODO add other authResponse values...]

## How to use a `googleAuth` result

> Like said above, the function `Gapi.auth2_init` return a `googleAuth`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like said above, the function `Gapi.auth2_init` returns a `googleAuth`,
```

that type can be used with other function in order to use function that
are linked to the object.

### `Gapi.then_`

> This is the main use of a `googleAuth`, this function take 2 "callbacks"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the main use of a `googleAuth`, this function takes 2 callbacks
```

in parameters: "onInit" and "onError". It returns a promise that will

> calls the "onInit" function when the `GoogleAuth` object is fully

Reviewer: ```suggestion
calls the `onInit` function when the `GoogleAuth` object is fully
```
